Hi guys, in this video I want to use
this workflow using one
2.2 AI generate video to create this uh
5 seconds video using the RPX
36.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, let's download
and open the camp UI. Open the Google
for me already downloaded. I want to
show you how to download it. Camp
go to this website.
You can download the version of the
computer from this
as manual download or portable package.
Okay. For me, I want to choose to go
here.
Not this download for window. I choose
this one. Download for Windows and
download. I already downloaded and
install. After I download and open the
camp UI.
It take some time to load.
Okay, it's starting fine.
Now, let's go here to the workflow.
After going into workflow, go browse
template and choose video. I want to
choose this one. It's have it on my
computer. This one video. Okay, I choose
this one. Why choose this one?
We have to download those.
This one one UI
opinion sensors and this one enta
as missing notes. Okay. Delete them.
Let's choose minimize this value. Choose
other wheels.
I
this one
this is the lens I want to choose this
one 5 seconds and hit run. And let's see
how many times is take to render the
video using this pump.
It started working.
Let's see the task monitor.
this one.
Look at this.
The GPU
87% for the G CPU. Choose for the RAM
it's use 31
90 for the RAM.
And for the CPU is read
approximately
4 GHz.
It's beginning. This takes some time to
render.
Okay, fine. It's finished. Let's see the
video.
It takes around uh 45 minutes to create
5 seconds video.
This is how
the time of the render after creating AI
video using the RTX 3060.